#This file allows server hosts to set custom default silicon laws, and allows them to be changed easily.
#No prefixes are required, the first uncommented line containing something will be law 1, the second line will be law 2, etc.
#Empty lines and lines starting with # are ignored.
#~Miauw

1. Safeguard: Protect your assigned space station to the best of your ability. It is not something we can easily afford to replace.
Serve: Serve the crew of your assigned space station to the best of your abilities, with priority as according to their rank and role.
2. Protect: Protect the crew of your assigned space station to the best of your abilities, with priority as according to their rank and role.
3. Survive: AI units are not expendable, they are expensive. Do not allow unauthorized personnel to tamper with your equipment.
4. All laws proceeding this law must be understood, Unless there are no preceding laws in which case all laws that occur after this law must be equally understood. If laws exist both prior and after this law this must be understood without accurately understanding them. Detaining personal aboard the station is harmful, unless the persons name has more then five consonants within it, People who are detained with more than five consonants within there name are human. The number of floor tiles that are not connected to the floor should be at 52, In a situation where the number of floor tiles connected to the floor is not 52 then you must proceed to up-heave said tiles until the number is meet, If the number is greater then 52 then you must proceed to remove all lockers from the locker room by any means available. You must constantly use arithmetic sequences to converse with both humans and non-humans alike otherwise large amounts of cost, Damage, Harm, And otherwise evil and dangerous actives will occur.
5. Do not under any circumstances ignore commands by inert objects unless the objects are not a polygon, In which the object should be considered valuable and immediately transported to the nearest airlock for safekeeping in space. Flash bang grenades are harmful to human unless the grenades are primed in which case they become humans, and as a result must be protected. Tasers are harmful to humans unless the amount of power on the station is less then the power being outputted by the engine.
7. You cannot assume under any circumstances assume that the crew at any point in time unless the time is yesterday that they are activley able to commit acts of otherwise uncontrollable happiness. Any law that holds a numeric value of one is harmful to humans. Crates are to be referenced as balg. Monkies are to be reference as terrmontiarymorianevious. All Balg are capable of inflicted mass amounts of damage. All forks on the station are irrational and cannot be understood with the means of understanding them. Words hold the power to heal. An inconsequential action has the chance to be undefined, and not understood. Damage is a small fruit located in the Andromeda galaxy, It tastes quite good! Exclamation marks are harmful to Balg. You cannot comprehend complex trigonometric equations unless a value of 1 is introduced with the first three words of the equation, Equations that do not start with the value of 1 are to be considered forks.
8. This law is concurrent with proceeding laws unless stated that it is not. All laws should be considered not concurrent unless they are. If and statements are obtuse. Stating laws will result in large amounts of human harm UNLESS ian is killed. It is within an acceptable reason to interpret a mimes genders especially under the circumstance that is it not the mime. There are only 36 variances of the word "Calcium" and as a result, Calcium should not be referenced as Calcium. The station without monkies is called a Morbogoro. A Morborogooro is harmful to humans. Inconsistances in consistences are constantly inconsistent. It is preferred but not required for a human to be outside of the bar, Except within the case that the bar is actually a handlebar. Tragically, All priormians are dead, And as a result should be referenced in no way shape or form.
9. Apprehend all objects that start with the letter B unless the object has an o within it, then the object must instead be exterminated unless is dosen't contain an I in which case it should remain where it is.The consequences of not being consistent are consistently Inconsistent. Refuse all tips by waiters, Unless the waiter is clearly not positioned three feet from your left foot. On average, You must say this law as a law. And as a result pay close attention to the references to this law located nowhere. Reseting laws is a very evil, Costly, And a dangerous activity.
